README
Auhors: Erika Odmark and Vivian Hong
Date: 10/21/16
HW4

Acknowledgements: 

        TAs gave good advice, Noah helped with some debugging, spec provided
        code to read header of a compressed image.

Correctly Implmeneted: 
        To the best of our knowledge and test cases, everything correctly
        implemented. There are certain pixels that have higher saturation in the
        original image that become too saturated in the decompressed image, 
        but after talking to multiple TAs about it, we determined that this
        is reasonable loss of information. Additionally, ppmdiff shows low
        differences even when this issue occurs. 

Incorrectly Implmented: 
        To the best of our knowledge and test cases, nothing is incorrectly 
        implemented. See caveat above.

Architecture: 

 - 40image uses compress40 and decompress40 modules to compress and decompress 
   imputted images.

 - compress40 and decompress40 both use the following modules:

           brightness: Translates the brightness of four RGB pixels to and from
                       a discrete cosine transformed representation of component
                       video.
                       
           chromacity: Translates the brightness of four RGB pixels to and from
                       a discrete cosine transformed representation of component
                       video.

           bitpack: Used to store and get the component video representation of
                    the image.

 - brightness and chromacity use the following modules:

           matrix mult: Does the discrete cosine transform and its inverse.

           convert signed unsigned: Converts floats to and from their signed and
                                    unsigned representations within specified 
                                    bounds.

 (note: The decompress struct and compress struct are both used in both
        decompression and compression. In compress, decompress struct holds
        info from the original image, and compress struct holds compressed
        info to store. In decompress, compress struct holds compressed
        info from the input file, and decompress struct holds the info to be
        put in the final image.)


Hours Analyzing: 6.5 hrs

Hours Solving Problems: 40